Updates to JSONB datatype in YCQL (#18163)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/explore/json-support/jsonb-ycql.md

JSON functionality in YCQL is **a subset** of the [JSON functionality in PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/11/datatype-json.html).

> YCQL supports the JSONB data type.  JSONB datatype stores JSON data in binary format. JSONB datatype does not preserve white space, does not preserve the order of object keys, and does not keep duplicate object keys. If duplicate keys are specified in the input, only the last value is kept.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YCQL supports the JSONB data type. JSONB stores JSON data in binary format. JSONB does not preserve white space, does not preserve the order of object keys, and does not keep duplicate object keys. If duplicate keys are specified in the input, only the last value is kept.
```

> The sections below walks you through different operations on JSONB column with some examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections describe different operations on JSONB columns with some examples.
```
